components: Promote ui/Flex and deprecate `isReversed` prop (#31297)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/flex/README.md

# Flex

`Flex` is a primitive layout component that adaptively aligns child content horizontally or vertically. `Flex` powers components like `HStack` and `VStack`.

## Usage

`Flex` is used with any of it's two sub-components, `FlexItem` and `FlexBlock`.

```jsx

> import { Flex, FlexItem, FlexBlock, Text } from '@wordpress/components/ui';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { Flex, FlexItem, FlexBlock, __experimentalText as Text } from '@wordpress/components';
```

import { Flex, FlexItem, FlexBlock } from '@wordpress/components';
import { Icon, wordpress } from '@wordpress/icons';
import { Flex, FlexItem, FlexBlock, Text } from '@wordpress/components/ui';

const Example = () => {
function Example() {
	return (
		<Flex>
			<FlexItem>
				<Icon icon={ wordpress } />
				<Text>Code</Text>
			</FlexItem>
			<FlexBlock>
				<h2>WordPress</h2>
				<Text>Poetry</Text>
			</FlexBlock>
		</Flex>
	);
};
}
```

> The most common use-case for `<Flex />` would be to automatically align two (or more) child items of varying sizes. By default, `<Flex />` would vertically center align them, and evenly spread the inner content horizontally, starting at the edges.

Reviewer: Should we keep some parts of the old documentation?

Child items can be added directly. However, it is recommended that they are wrapped with `<FlexItem />` (which helps normalize layout styles).

![Flex aligning and distributing 2 items of varying heights](https://make.wordpress.org/design/files/2020/06/flex-2-items.png)

Adding more than 2 child items will spread them across with even gaps in between each item.

![Flex aligning 3 items](https://make.wordpress.org/design/files/2020/06/flex-3-items.png)

### Items and Blocks

`<Flex />` provides 2 sub-components:

-   `<FlexItem />`
-   `<FlexBlock />`

These components can be used in combination to achieve flexible adaptive layouts.

`<FlexBlock />` components will grow their widths to take up the remaining space within the `<Flex />` wrapper.

![Flex item with block](https://make.wordpress.org/design/files/2020/06/flex-item-block.png)

`<Flex />` automatically provides "gap" spacing in-between all child items. This value can be adjusted using the `gap` component prop.

`<FlexItem />` and `<FlexBlock />` can be used in combination.

![Multiple Flex items with Flex block](https://make.wordpress.org/design/files/2020/06/flex-item-block-item.png)
## Props

> ## Sub-Components

Reviewer: Do we get sub-components undocumented with the changes proposed?

In practice, when every component exposed in the public API is in its own folder, we can create a README.md file that gets automatically exposed to the developer portal:

https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/components/

Every README file gets a link in the sidebar menu.

<img width="1182" alt="Screen Shot 2021-04-29 at 08 23 20" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/699132/116509786-2dc6ed00-a8c4-11eb-9fa0-05c04f2762d2.png">

Author: Sure! I can move them into their own folders 🙂
